CREDITS.md, before:

# Credits, Notes, and Reference

## React

### React Router

  + http://blog.mxstbr.com/2016/01/react-apps-with-pages/
  + https://github.com/reactjs/react-router
  + https://github.com/reactjs/react-router-tutorial/
  + http://stackoverflow.com/questions/37212328/react-router-how-to-use-route-params-in-onenter
  + https://github.com/reactjs/react-router/blob/a11a10bdd17a15ec7f0e7ab846d631677ac96baa/modules/Redirect.js#L41-L45
  + http://busypeoples.github.io/post/react-component-lifecycle/
  + https://facebook.github.io/react/docs/component-specs.html#lifecycle-methods
  + https://github.com/reactjs/react-router/blob/master/docs/guides/IndexRoutes.md
  + http://stackoverflow.com/questions/36143570/react-router-cannot-read-property-push-of-undefined#comment59927443_36143570
  + https://gist.github.com/koistya/ba7ad06d2624e10e07ee
  + https://css-tricks.com/learning-react-router/
  + https://github.com/reactjs/react-router/issues/1147
  + https://medium.com/@rajaraodv/a-guide-for-building-a-react-redux-crud-app-7fe0b8943d0f#.m4tz3pi34
  + https://github.com/reactjs/react-router/blob/master/docs/guides/RouteConfiguration.md
  + https://github.com/reactjs/react-router/blob/master/docs/API.md#pushpathorloc

### Forms

  + https://github.com/reactjs/react-router/blob/39a87cb777a44972683a3323c3adb86cef26797b/examples/confirming-navigation/app.js
  + https://github.com/reactjs/react-router/blob/39a87cb777a44972683a3323c3adb86cef26797b/examples/auth-flow-async-with-query-params/app.js
  + https://github.com/reactjs/react-router/blob/39a87cb777a44972683a3323c3adb86cef26797b/examples/auth-with-shared-root/components/Login.js#L13-L29
  + https://github.com/reactjs/react-router/blob/39a87cb777a44972683a3323c3adb86cef26797b/examples/auth-flow/app.js#L68-L83
  + https://github.com/reactjs/react-router/blob/39a87cb777a44972683a3323c3adb86cef26797b/examples/master-detail/app.js#L126-L133
  + https://facebook.github.io/react/docs/forms.html


### Debugging `this` and passing stuff between components

 + https://www.sitepoint.com/bind-javascripts-this-keyword-react/
 + https://facebook.github.io/react/tips/communicate-between-components.html
 + http://egorsmirnov.me/2015/08/16/react-and-es6-part3.html
 + https://discuss.reactjs.org/t/how-do-i-get-data-from-a-child-component-into-onclick-of-a-button-passed-in-props/3170
 + https://groups.google.com/forum/#!topic/reactjs/Xv9_kVoJJOw
 + https://facebook.github.io/react/docs/more-about-refs.html
 + https://blog.iansinnott.com/managing-state-and-controlled-form-fields-with-react/
 + http://stackoverflow.com/questions/24147331/react-the-right-way-to-pass-form-element-state-to-sibling-parent-elements

## Bootstrap

  + http://blog.npmjs.org/post/112064849860/using-jquery-plugins-with-npm
  + https://github.com/webpack/css-loader/issues/151
  + https://github.com/webpack/css-loader/issues/38#issuecomment-72287584

## JSX and JavasScript

  + http://wesbos.com/react-jsx-comments/
  + http://www.w3schools.com/js/js_array_methods.asp
  + http://stackoverflow.com/questions/20003676/how-to-get-current-index-in-array-prototype-map

## Other

  + http://stackoverflow.com/questions/29548386/how-should-i-use-moment-timezone-with-webpack

## Express JSON API and Middleware

  + http://stackoverflow.com/questions/19696240/proper-way-to-return-json-using-node-or-express
  + http://stackoverflow.com/questions/10563644/how-to-specify-http-error-code
  + http://stackoverflow.com/questions/26066785/proper-way-to-set-response-status-and-json-content-in-a-rest-api-made-with-nodej
  + http://expressjs.com/en/4x/api.html
  + http://www.restapitutorial.com/httpstatuscodes.html
  + http://www.bennadel.com/blog/2400-handling-forbidden-restful-requests-401-vs-403-vs-404.htm
  + https://github.com/fireridlle/express-custom-response/blob/master/lib/express-custom-response.js
  + http://expressjs.com/en/guide/using-middleware.html
  + http://stackoverflow.com/questions/34113590/how-to-add-custom-function-to-response-object-in-node-js

## AJAX

  + http://api.jquery.com/jquery.ajax/
  + http://andrewhfarmer.com/ajax-libraries/
  + http://andrewhfarmer.com/react-ajax-best-practices/
  + https://davidwalsh.name/fetch
  + http://stackoverflow.com/questions/29473426/fetch-reject-promise-with-json-error-object

## Socket.io

  + http://stackoverflow.com/questions/20892324/node-js-how-to-pass-mongoose-results-to-my-socket-emit
  + http://socket.io/
  + https://github.com/socketio/socket.io

## Mongo

  + https://github.com/data-creative/express-on-rails-starter-app
  + http://data-creative.info/process-documentation/2016/04/09/node-for-rails-developers-part-6b-express-mongodb-datastore/
  + http://mongoosejs.com/docs/guide.html

## Documentation

  + https://github.com/lsegal/yard-js
  + http://www.rubydoc.info/gems/yard/file/docs/Tags.md

Commit message:

reading about how people are using fetch()

CREDITS.md, after:

# Credits, Notes, and Reference

## React

### React Router

  + http://blog.mxstbr.com/2016/01/react-apps-with-pages/
  + https://github.com/reactjs/react-router
  + https://github.com/reactjs/react-router-tutorial/
  + http://stackoverflow.com/questions/37212328/react-router-how-to-use-route-params-in-onenter
  + https://github.com/reactjs/react-router/blob/a11a10bdd17a15ec7f0e7ab846d631677ac96baa/modules/Redirect.js#L41-L45
  + http://busypeoples.github.io/post/react-component-lifecycle/
  + https://facebook.github.io/react/docs/component-specs.html#lifecycle-methods
  + https://github.com/reactjs/react-router/blob/master/docs/guides/IndexRoutes.md
  + http://stackoverflow.com/questions/36143570/react-router-cannot-read-property-push-of-undefined#comment59927443_36143570
  + https://gist.github.com/koistya/ba7ad06d2624e10e07ee
  + https://css-tricks.com/learning-react-router/
  + https://github.com/reactjs/react-router/issues/1147
  + https://medium.com/@rajaraodv/a-guide-for-building-a-react-redux-crud-app-7fe0b8943d0f#.m4tz3pi34
  + https://github.com/reactjs/react-router/blob/master/docs/guides/RouteConfiguration.md
  + https://github.com/reactjs/react-router/blob/master/docs/API.md#pushpathorloc

### Forms

  + https://github.com/reactjs/react-router/blob/39a87cb777a44972683a3323c3adb86cef26797b/examples/confirming-navigation/app.js
  + https://github.com/reactjs/react-router/blob/39a87cb777a44972683a3323c3adb86cef26797b/examples/auth-flow-async-with-query-params/app.js
  + https://github.com/reactjs/react-router/blob/39a87cb777a44972683a3323c3adb86cef26797b/examples/auth-with-shared-root/components/Login.js#L13-L29
  + https://github.com/reactjs/react-router/blob/39a87cb777a44972683a3323c3adb86cef26797b/examples/auth-flow/app.js#L68-L83
  + https://github.com/reactjs/react-router/blob/39a87cb777a44972683a3323c3adb86cef26797b/examples/master-detail/app.js#L126-L133
  + https://facebook.github.io/react/docs/forms.html


### Debugging `this` and passing stuff between components

 + https://www.sitepoint.com/bind-javascripts-this-keyword-react/
 + https://facebook.github.io/react/tips/communicate-between-components.html
 + http://egorsmirnov.me/2015/08/16/react-and-es6-part3.html
 + https://discuss.reactjs.org/t/how-do-i-get-data-from-a-child-component-into-onclick-of-a-button-passed-in-props/3170
 + https://groups.google.com/forum/#!topic/reactjs/Xv9_kVoJJOw
 + https://facebook.github.io/react/docs/more-about-refs.html
 + https://blog.iansinnott.com/managing-state-and-controlled-form-fields-with-react/
 + http://stackoverflow.com/questions/24147331/react-the-right-way-to-pass-form-element-state-to-sibling-parent-elements

## Bootstrap

  + http://blog.npmjs.org/post/112064849860/using-jquery-plugins-with-npm
  + https://github.com/webpack/css-loader/issues/151
  + https://github.com/webpack/css-loader/issues/38#issuecomment-72287584

## JSX and JavasScript

  + http://wesbos.com/react-jsx-comments/
  + http://www.w3schools.com/js/js_array_methods.asp
  + http://stackoverflow.com/questions/20003676/how-to-get-current-index-in-array-prototype-map

## Other

  + http://stackoverflow.com/questions/29548386/how-should-i-use-moment-timezone-with-webpack

## Express JSON API and Middleware

  + http://stackoverflow.com/questions/19696240/proper-way-to-return-json-using-node-or-express
  + http://stackoverflow.com/questions/10563644/how-to-specify-http-error-code
  + http://stackoverflow.com/questions/26066785/proper-way-to-set-response-status-and-json-content-in-a-rest-api-made-with-nodej
  + http://expressjs.com/en/4x/api.html
  + http://www.restapitutorial.com/httpstatuscodes.html
  + http://www.bennadel.com/blog/2400-handling-forbidden-restful-requests-401-vs-403-vs-404.htm
  + https://github.com/fireridlle/express-custom-response/blob/master/lib/express-custom-response.js
  + http://expressjs.com/en/guide/using-middleware.html
  + http://stackoverflow.com/questions/34113590/how-to-add-custom-function-to-response-object-in-node-js

## AJAX

  + http://api.jquery.com/jquery.ajax/
  + http://andrewhfarmer.com/ajax-libraries/
  + http://andrewhfarmer.com/react-ajax-best-practices/
  + https://davidwalsh.name/fetch
  + http://stackoverflow.com/questions/29473426/fetch-reject-promise-with-json-error-object
  + https://github.com/github/fetch#handling-http-error-statuses
  + https://developers.google.com/web/updates/2015/03/introduction-to-fetch?hl=en

The response of a fetch() request is a Stream object, which means that when we call the json() method, a Promise is returned since the reading of the stream will happen asynchronously.

## Socket.io

  + http://stackoverflow.com/questions/20892324/node-js-how-to-pass-mongoose-results-to-my-socket-emit
  + http://socket.io/
  + https://github.com/socketio/socket.io

## Mongo

  + https://github.com/data-creative/express-on-rails-starter-app
  + http://data-creative.info/process-documentation/2016/04/09/node-for-rails-developers-part-6b-express-mongodb-datastore/
  + http://mongoosejs.com/docs/guide.html

## Documentation

  + https://github.com/lsegal/yard-js
  + http://www.rubydoc.info/gems/yard/file/docs/Tags.md
